{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2757
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 This directory contains code and data that can be used to launch a Shiny dashboard. The dashboard allows users to visualise data on global daily consumption of several food groups, and the associated environmental impacts. \
\
The data was put together by Prof. Marco Springmann at LSHTM. The dashboard was designed and coded by Sebastiano Caleffi at LSHTM.\
\
To start the dashboard ,open the shiny_diet_env.Rproj file contained in this folder. Then from within the project, use the \'91Files\'92 tab in the bottom-right corner of the R interface to navigate to the specific script and version you wish to launch or examine. Readme files in each subfolder provide information on the different versions, we suggest you read them before launching a version. Usually, the most up to date version will be in the shiny_diet_env \'97> code \'97> app split into multiple files subdirectory. \
\
If you open the individual code scripts without passing from the .Rproj file you may encounter issues when loading in the data files, and may have to manually adjust the file paths. An .Rproj file provides context and organisational structure to a project. When you open it, it will automatically set the working directory of your R environment to the directory in which the .Rproj file is set. This allows for the use of relative file paths when loading in data. In this case it means that if you don\'92t change the structure of the directories, and you use the .Rproj file as the initial interface to access the scripts, the code to generate the dashboard will be able to source the data files it needs without the user having to change any paths. }